Male Superiority in Confucian China      Men are better than women. At least, that’s been a common theme throughout the history of humanity. This ideology could be due to the fact religions, such as Judaism, establish that man was created before women (Adam and Eve). Or the ideology could be because men have always been portrayed as the stronger of the two sexes, and strength is associated with power. This theme has also been portrayed throughout different cultures via art, and literature, whether it was written about in novels, or if the theme was portrayed in historical documents. Common Chinese stories that include this theme are “The Courtesan and the Jewel Box”, and “Ying-ying’s story”. Each story follows the tale of a young woman who falls in love with a man, yet the relationship comes to a relatively abrupt halt, and the women are left with a feeling of hopelessness. China’s view of male superiority is portrayed throughout these stories through the use of Confucian ideals and a play on the extremes of human emotion.	Women in ancient China were at the bottom of the Confucian hierarchy due to Confucianism being patriarchal in nature. Women were automatically enlisted (from birth) to a, "cult of chastity" which, "condemned many widows to poverty and loneliness by placing a social stigma on remarriage by women" (Adler). They were at the complete mercy of their feelings, which in turn were at the complete mercy of the men’s feelings towards them. Men on the other hand, could love as many women in their lifetime as they wished. The story of “Tsui Ying-Ying” is a love story that ends abruptly when Ying-Ying’s lover ends his love for her. She enters a state of depression, which is present when she says, “Since I have grown so lean, my face has lost its beauty…yet it is you I am ashamed should see me” (CP 119/313). Her depression is not extreme, yet it conveys an ultimatum that she has with herself. The ending of this relationship signified the ending of not just the relationship between her and Chang, it also signified the ending of the relationship that she had with herself and her feelings. Confucianism becomes apparent in “Tsui Ying-Ying” when Chang, Ying-Ying’s lover, tells Ying-Ying that his love for her has become exhausted, and she prevents herself from falling in love again. Although in the story it appears like her decision was a conscious choice, it can be argued that it chose what the life that she chose because she would condemn herself to shame, otherwise, because it would go against society’s and her Confucian ideals.	“The Courtesan and the Jewel Box” is another story where Confucian ideals are displayed; however, in this story, so are the extremes of human emotion. Decima, the female protagonist of the story falls in love with Mr. Li, a poor student. Throughout their struggles, Decima proved here unmoving love for Mr. Li, but Mr. Li did not prove his to her. In the end, Decima ends her life and drowns her treasures when Mr. Li sells her to Mr. Sun. Decima, instead of living her life with someone who she will never love, chose what she believed was her only option, death. Decima was portrayed as a free woman at the end, and the story fights the Confucian idea of the “cult of chastity” and the idea that the only life for a divorced woman was the life of a widow. Unlike in “Tsui Ying-Ying”, in which Ying-Ying remarries but is still a slave to her desires for Chang, Decima chooses the path of freedom by committing suicide, in which she escapes a world ruled by Confucian ideology.	Both Ying-Ying and Decima are overshadowed by a world that is controlled by Confucianism. Each story attacks Confucianism differently, but both show the threat that Confucianism poses to women. Confucian ideology argues that men are a better sex than women, and attempts to prove it by limiting women to the occupations that they can do, so women never had the ability in ancient China to prove that they could do a job better than the men that were doing the same job.Works Cited:Adler, Joseph A. “Women in the Teaching of Chinese Religions.” Women in the Teaching of       Chinese Religions. N.p. Winter 2006. Web. 28 Feb. 2017 Course Pack